---
date: 2015-09-16T00:00:00Z
tags: valiant ghost
title: One year
# url: /2015/09/16/one-year/
---

I've realised a few days too late that Valiant Ghost is over a year old. A triumph for me personally, I usually can't commit to something like this for a year, but I stuck with this.

Why? I don't know. Probably because I like to write. But I'm one of those writers who comes up with The Next Big Thing, but by the time I'm sat at the keyboard my passion for it fizzles out and I give up on it, until a few months later I come up with The Next Big Thing and repeat ad infinitum. I tried to work around this by writing shorter fiction, but it eventually became formulaic and I gave up on that to. I also can't write self help/tutorials because I am not an expert in any given field. I've considered trying to do biographies, but I can't find anyone to write about and my own biography would be very boring. I tried running another blog before this, but the sheer effort required to come up with good content was just too much and like the book I fizzled out.The fact I got little to no viewers didn't help much. I eventually came to the conclusion I needed something that I could write, but not write too much. Journalism seemed perfect for me, but my hopes were dashed when I realised journalism was a pretty low earning job when I was 15.

On October 17th 2013, a day after my birthday, Ghost was released and through that I found [Daring Fireball](http://daringfireball.net/) and Markdown. I instantly fell in love with DF. To me, it just seemed so cool. The content could be as long or as short as the author wanted, and it was a way to share interesting links. This was perfect for me.

With the idea to make my own Daring Fireball set firmly in my mind, I went on about my business, mostly writing short little quips in Ghost. It was also around this time I came up with the name Valiant Ghost. The original name for my Ghost site was Jacksons Ghost, while my old Xbox gamertag was Valiant Edge. Smashing the two together gave you this websites name.

I eventually found what I needed in Octopress, as that natively allowed Linklogging. I ran off this for a while, until I eventually converted to Middleman and wrote all the code for linklogging there. It took me a while. But it was all worth it.

For you, dear reader, everything I have done here has been worth it. As long as you find the links I share interesting then in my mind Valiant Ghost has succeeded in its purpose. It has also done its job for me, allowing me to write as much or as little as I want. It helps that I feel compelled to do it, as I'm creating 'content' under my own name and I feel compelled to make it and make it good.

And, as a rather corny way to end this post, let us raise our coffee cups to Valiant Ghost's birthday. <sub>And many more...</sub>

*Originally written on 10/9/2015*

