---
date: 2015-11-18T00:00:00Z
tags: kindle, books, reading
title: I've finally started using my Kindle and its pretty good
# url: /2015/11/18/my-kindle.html/
---

I bought a Kindle two years ago. And when I went out to buy it I went with the very clear goal of buying one of the no-touch-screen-for-books-only version. Because I'm a wierdo who doesn't really like the idea of tablets even today and I wanted a way to carry around free books[^1] with me easily. It’s only now two years after I bought it that I've finally started using it.

And I've gotta say, it’s pretty damn handy to have. If you're a bookworm then you know the struggle of wanting to carry three paperbacks around with you just in case but the horrible weight. The Kindle is way lighter and smaller then my other books. I weighed it against Terry Pratchett’s *A Slip of the Keyboard* and it’s lighter and smaller. It also conveniently fits inside the breast pocket of the jacket I carry everywhere without considerable bulk.

According to my kindle I have 33 books on it, and that’s including the [Complete works of H.P. Lovecraft](http://arkhamarchivist.com/free-complete-lovecraft-ebook-nook-kindle/). Could you imagine how heavy all those books would be if I carried them all around myself? If you're a bookworm, bloody buy a kindle for yourself. You won't regret it.

Well, you'll probably regret the fact you will have no money due to all the new books you'll be buying but hey, extra books.

[^1]: Ones like on [Project Gutenburg](http://www.gutenberg.org/wiki/Main_Page), books in the public domain which no longer have any form of copyright on them.
