---
date: 2016-01-31T00:00:00Z
link: http://randsinrepose.com/archives/nadd/
tags: randsinrepose,rands, comedy, me
title: I have N.A.D.D
# url: /2016/01/31/i-have-n.a.d.d/
---

Rands:

> Stop reading right now and take a look at your desktop. How many things are you doing right now in addition to reading this column? Me, I’ve got a terminal session open to a chat room, I’m listening to music, I’ve got Safari open with three tabs open where I’m watching Blogshares, tinkering with a web site, and looking at weekend movie returns. Not done yet. I’ve got iChat open, ESPN.COM is downloading sports new trailers in the background, and I’ve got two notepads open where I’m capturing random thoughts for later integration into various to do lists. Oh yeah, I’m writing this column, as well.
> 
> Folks, this isn’t multi-tasking. This is advanced case of Nerd Attention Deficiency Disorder. I am unable to function at my desktop unless I’ve got, at least, five things going on at the same time. If your count came close, you’re probably afflicted, as well. Most excellent.

This is me. Right now I have Typora open from which I'm writing this commentary, [Discord](https://discordapp.com) and Steam Group chats open, basic code for another twitter/discord script I'm writing in JavaScript, making a website for a client, reading The Mote In God's Eye, editing photos and uploading them to Flickr, I've got 22 tabs open in [Vivaldi](https://vivaldi.com) - not counting the stacked tabs - and my email client open with three newsletters to read. 